welcome to another episode of movie
spoiler alerts today we are going to be
looking at part two of the Back to the
Future series so let's get started the
film begins the same way the previous
one ended with Doc picking up Marty and
Jennifer taking them to the future in
order to prevent their future son Marty
jr. from participating in a robbery they
arrive in the future on October 21st
2015 this is the actual date that they
arrive
that'll does crazy Photoshop dates that
always appear on Facebook when they
arrive Doc uses a device to make
Jennifer sleep and Marty goes into town
to pose as his son so he can refuse to
participate in the robbery while in the
diner Biff's grandson Griff remember
Biff was the antagonist from the first
film enters to try to coerce who he
thinks is Marty jr. to help in the
robbery
Marty refuses the offer and a big fight
breaks out but eventually Marty wins and
Griff and his friends are arrested
before meeting back up with Doc though
Marty bi is a sports Almanac which shows
all the winners of the major sporting
events from 1950 to the year 2000 so
several games that Marty still has not
seen doc finds the Almanac scolds Marty
telling him the serious issues that
could arise from using this knowledge
doc and Marty then both discovered that
the unconscious Jennifer was taken to
her 2015 home and they need to go get
her while all this is going on the much
older Biff has been listening the entire
time while Marty and Doc are preoccupied
with rescuing Jennifer from her future
home Biff steals both a DeLorean and the
Almanac goes back to the year 1955 in
order to give the sports Almanac to a
younger version of himself to make
himself rich through betting Biff then
returns the DeLorean to the Year 2015
with doc and Marty unaware anything has
happened doc and Marty along with a
still unconscious Jennifer go back to
1985 only to find out that the town has
drastically changed Biff is now a very
wealthy and corrupt man who is turned
hill valley into a near apocalyptic
Society
Biff killed Marty's father and his
for Smarties mother Lorraine to marry
him and dock hidden this timeline has
been committed to an insane asylum after
Marty discovers that Biff did use the
Almanac and discovers what date he got
the Almanac on Marty rushes back to
November 12 1955 to prevent Biff from
ever getting the Almanac Marty sees Biff
gets the Almanac and follows Biff to the
high school dance from the first film a
big chase eventually ensues and Marty
gets the Almanac and destroys it however
while destroying the Almanac the
DeLorean which doc is sitting in is
struck by lightning sending it back in
time then out of nowhere a Western Union
courier appears handing Marty a letter
that was from Doc stating that he had
been sent back to the year 1885 marty
then runs back into town to find the
1955 version of doc the 1955 doc had
just sent an earlier version of marty
from the first film away and upon seeing
the new version of marty appear this
causes him to faint and ends the film
well that was the second part of the
Back to the Future series check out my
other videos for more summaries and
please like and subscribe if you enjoy
my videos also let me know in the
comments what other movies you'd like to
see me spoil thanks for watching